this man is holding a bizarre letter
from 50 years ago he was surprised to
discover that the horrifying 9-1-1
events had been predicted in it
what how could it be 50 years ago
lucinda was frantically writing a pile
of numbers
the teacher came to stop her but the
girl refused the teacher was helpless
so she had to confiscate lucinda's paper
today is the school's founding
anniversary the school wants the
students to draw their thoughts about
the future
then bury them in the ground and exactly
50 years later they will take it up
50 years passed quickly that box was
opened again letters are given out to
each student
caleb also received a letter but his
letter was very special
containing only a pile of [ __ ]
numbers what caleb got was what lucinda
left behind
when he raised his head the boy saw a
person in black staring at him but
within a blink
that person had disappeared that letter
attracted the interest of his father
john a professor of astrophysics at mit
he is extremely sensitive to numbers so
he does an investigation
the results made john extremely amazed
because the first numbers on the paper
are the time of the 9-1-1 terrorist
attacks on the u.s and the number of
casualties
to clarify everything he wrote the
remaining numbers for research
he found that groups of digits were
marked very similarly to the dates
corresponding to the times of major
incidents in the past 50 years and the
number of casualties of those incidents
professor john who has always worked
rationally at this time could not
believe this is just a coincidence
john told this story to his colleagues
but they do not believe him
john felt very disappointed but he
refused to give up
because the numbers not only predict
events in the past but also predict the
future
tomorrow some accidents will happen and
the number of casualties is 81.
he took the paper to the home of the old
teacher who taught lucinda to ask for
it so burying the time box was lucinda's
idea but when the anniversary had just
ended
lucinda had disappeared when the teacher
found her lucinda was hiding in a closet
in the basement
scratching the locker with her
fingernails lucinda also passed away
many years ago
at this moment john saw through the
window that a stranger was approaching
his son
and handing him a black stone he rushed
out when the other man drove away
jon felt very insecure he stayed up
until morning to watch television to see
if any problems coincided with
his predictions but nothing happened the
next day on the way to pick up caleb
from school
john was stuck in traffic he
unintentionally glanced at gps and
remembered the numbers
it may be the coordinates of the
incident location and today's incident
will happen here
john hurried out of the car to go to the
scene of the car accident ahead
police said several people suffered
minor injuries however
as he was speaking the policeman's
expression suddenly changed
behind john an out-of-control plane was
falling the plane slid across the ground
and exploded not far away
the vehicles below were crushed the
scene was terrifying
professor john looked blankly at the
burning plane someone reached out and
armed to him
but he could not help returning home he
found a television broadcast on the
plane crash
earlier the casualty count was 81 just
as the paper predicted
if so then there are two more accidents
about to happen in the evening a
stranger appeared in caleb's room
that person
so
[Music]
these considered him as a terrorist
suspect while running away from the
police
john sees a suspicious person john
chases after that person
and the police chased john the police
quickly caught both of them
found that the other man was just an
ordinary thief
at this moment a car slid off the rails
and plunged into the crowd
the prophecy comes true again this time
diana took the initiative to find john
she said that lucinda had predicted that
she would die tomorrow so she didn't
want to mention her mother before the
two decide to work together to find the
secret behind the numbers that lucinda
left behind
prevent everything from happening diana
takes jon to the little house that
lucinda used to live in before she died
john discovered on the wall was full of
articles about the accidents
and a manuscript of the bible as he was
about to leave john saw that there were
strange black stones on the floor
turning the bed over john discovered
there was information lucinda had left
behind
it turns out that the last 33 at the
bottom of the paper is not the number of
casualties but the two letters e written
backward
referring to everyone is the end of the
world coming while in deep thought
they heard caleb's voice outside it
turned out that the men in black had
brought caleb and diana's daughter
abby with them john saw that and ran
away to chase those mysterious people
away
john and diana only knew the event was
going to take place tomorrow and did not
know the location and the cause
because when lucinda wrote to this line
the teacher confiscated the paper
the next day abby shows john the picture
she painted through that painting
john realized that the painting at
lucinda's house was referring to the sun
recently the news has always been about
the giant solar storm
this discovery made jon feel desperate
and powerless one person cannot prevent
the destruction of the earth
he advised everyone to return to their
families diana also regretted it
she knew her mother was always right but
she shared with everyone that she was
crazy
john called his father they haven't met
for a long time he advised his father to
hide somewhere to find a way to live
but the father said he obeyed god's
summons later caleb wrote a long series
of numbers on paper without stopping
john grabbed the paper but caleb still
used his fingers to engrave the number
on the table again
seeing the numbers on the table john
suddenly thought of something
john realized that the series of numbers
that lucinda had not finished writing at
first was probably in the locker in the
basement of the gym
finally john found the closet door he
scrapes off the new paint
the last digit also appears it was a gps
coordinate
when jon got out diana took the kids
away she was scared so she took the
children to the cave as originally
planned
but her daughter tells her mother that
wherever she goes those mysterious
people will know
hearing that diana almost collapsed when
she got to a gas station
an alarm started on the television this
solar storm will last much longer than
expected
the government informs people to be
prepared a disaster could happen
the apocalypse is coming the world fell
into chaos
people frantically scrambled for their
wealth besides jon called to prevent
diana from hiding in the cave because it
wouldn't do any good
he told diana the safest place to be was
lucinda's little house
but in diana's eyes that place was the
source of all bad things
when they were arguing fiercely the
mysterious person appeared again and
took the children away
diana frantically chases after her but
unfortunately has an accident
when jon arrived diana was dead it
turned out that even knowing the
prediction
she could not avoid it jon sadly drove
to lucinda's house
he followed the wheel track to deep
inside the forest
the man in black appeared john asked
where the children were but they didn't
answer john was angry intending to pull
the trigger
at this moment caleb appeared holding a
rabbit in his hand
it turns out that mysterious people have
been protecting caleb and abby for a
long time
they send information to the two kids
just like they did with lucinda
those people used stones to guide them
jon asked who they were after all
at this time in the sky appeared a
spaceship the mysterious people want to
take caleb and abby away
they were chosen to be the life of a new
world but jon couldn't come with him
because he was not among the chosen ones
john gave caleb a necklace and said
goodbye to the boy just like that
the ufo gradually flew into the
atmosphere at the same time
countless other ufos were flying around
when he got home
jon embraced his father his father said
this is not the end
they hugged each other and earth
eventually faced its end